Fixes #1283, kill sexp forward/backward copies deletion to clipboard (#1284)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: CHANGELOG.md

Changes to Calva.

## [Unreleased]

> - Fix [paredit.killSexpForward should copy deleted code to clipboard](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/issues/1283)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Add setting for letting Paredit Kill commands copy the deleted code to the clipboard](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/issues/1283)
```
